NAVBAR
    Left:
        Website-Image
        Swachya Sangram
    Right:
        Home
        About
        Contact Us
        Donate{Button}

Hero:
    Behind:
        Hero Background
    Front: 
        <bold-big>Domestic Waste<bold-big>
        <small>Improper waste disposal not only contributes to 
        environmental pollution but also affects the overall cleanliness and hygiene
        of our neighborhoods and country as a whole.<small>

About:
    Left:
        Waste-Collection-Image
    Right:
        <bold-big>About Swachya Sangram<bold-big>
        <mid-small>We the Digital Wizards, have come up with a solution, that
        attempts to cull this issue at the base level, by interacting directly with
        the people.<mid-small>
        <btn>About Us{just as on navbar}<btn>

Project Details:
    Left:
        Awareness Image
        <bold-semiBig>The Plan<bold-semiBig>
        <midSmall>That's why we are here to introduce our project on Domestic Waste Management. 
        <bold>Our solution focuses on two key areas:<bold>

            <bullet> Societal Development, which will involve awareness campaigns
            and training workshops for the people in the waste community
            For the awareness and training workshops, we hope to achieve:

            The promotion of educational campaigns to raise awareness among neighbors about
            the importance of proper waste disposal. This includes distributing informative materials,
            conducting workshops to encourage segregation of waste by the collectors, and leveraging digital platforms
            to educate residents about waste management best practices.

            <bullet> Technical Development, which will involve a web application and a Waste Card.
            We propose solutions that address the lack of initiative for proper waste segregation and 
            dumping in our society.
            We aim to implement a neighborhood waste collection system, by collaborating with local authorities
            to improve so that both the people as well as the environment benefit.

            By the Waste Card, the onsite agent can provide feedback about a person about their waste dumping practices.
            Furthermore, we can use AI and Machine Learning Technologies to directly identify and classify a waste.

            Based on the feedback, the person will be awarded incentives in the form of gift cards, discounts, and other 
            benefits. It is a win-win for all.
    Right:
        Card-Format-Column:
            Incentives
            Infrastructure
            Education
            Waste Officers

    Bottom-Center:
        <?Add more stuff here...?>Positive reinforcement of people by showing them that they are making a difference.<??>
        

Our Programs:
    MAIN HEADER:
        Our Programs
    Below Header:
        Card-Format-Row:
            Cleanliness
            Awareness
            Technology

Footer:
    From The Left:
        Summary-Hero
        Summary-NavBar
        Special Thanks...{<a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/waste-management" title="waste management icons">Waste management icons created by nangicon - Flaticon</a> SVGREPO}
    Bottom:
        Left:
            Copyright Digital Wizards of SVU
        Right:
            Designed by Neko!